added new perf mode switch (#1971)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/live-testing/live-cross-browser-testing.md

| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/share-session-icon.png')} alt="Share Session icon" width="35"/>             | Share Session       | Opens the **Share Device** window. For a sharable link to the device, click **Get Link**. <br/>Users must be logged in to be able to view the test.  |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/rotate-device-icon.png')} alt="Rotate Device icon" width="35"/>             | Rotate Device       | Rotates the device between portrait and landscape.                                                                                                   |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/home-icon.png')} alt="Home icon" width="35"/>                               | Home                | Opens the device home screen.                                                                                                                        |

> | <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/more-device-options-icon.png')} alt="More Device Options icon" width="35"/> | More Device Options | **Set Location** - Set the GPS location using coordinates or by dropping a pin on the map. **Performance mode On/Off** - Enables you to increase framerate per second, or switch back to lower framerate video streaming, when your network connection or VPN is restrictive and you experience blurred screen.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/more-device-options-icon.png')} alt="More Device Options icon" width="35"/> | More Device Options | <ul><li>**Set Location** - Set the GPS location using coordinates or by dropping a pin on the map.</li><li> **Performance mode On/Off** - Enables you to increase frame rate per second, or switch back to lower frame rate video streaming, when your network connection or VPN is restrictive and you experience blurred screen.</li></ul>                                                           |
```

| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/restart-app-icon.png')} alt="Restart App icon" width="35"/>                 | Restart App         | Restarts the app.                                                                                                                                    |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/switch-app-version-icon.png')} alt="Switch App Version icon" width="35"/>   | Switch App Version  | Opens the **Switch App Version** window. To change the version of the app you are testing, hover over the version and then click **Choose version**. |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/clipboard-icon.png')} alt="Clipboard icon" width="35"/>                     | Clipboard           | Opens the **Paste Content Into Device** window.                                                                                                      |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/install-dependency-icon.png')} alt="Install Dependency icon" width="35"/>   | Install Dependency  | Opens the **Install Dependent App** window.                                                                                                          |

> | <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/dev-options-icon.png')} alt="Developer Options icon" width="35"/>           | Developer Options   | Opens the **Developer Options** panel, which includes the **Device Log** and **[Dev Tools](https://docs.saucelabs.com/web-apps/live-testing/dev-tools/)** tabs.                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/dev-options-icon.png')} alt="Developer Options icon" width="35"/>           | Developer Options   | Opens the **Developer Options** panel, which includes the **Device Log** and **[Dev Tools](/web-apps/live-testing/dev-tools/)** tabs.                                                     |
```
